Fix residue naming (#2042)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: news/fix_unk_resnames.rst

**Added:**

* <news item>

**Changed:**

> * Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopology topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LIG (alchemical ligand) and CF1, CF2… (cofactors) instead of UNK.

Reviewer: What about if a residue name was already assigned?

Author: Added something!

> * Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopology topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LIG (alchemical ligand) and CF1, CF2… (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.

Author: ```suggestion
* Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopology topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LG1 amd LG2 (alchemical ligand) and COF (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.
```

> * Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopology topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LG1 amd LG2 (alchemical ligand) and COF (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopologyProtocol topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LG1 amd LG2 (alchemical ligand) and COF (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.
```
[nit] just was a bit confusing to have topology twice in a row.

> * Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopologyProtocol topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LG1 amd LG2 (alchemical ligand) and COF (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.

Reviewer: I think this needs updating to mention LIG or LG<some number>?

Author: Changed this!

> * Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopologyProtocol topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LG1 amd LG2 (alchemical ligand) and COF (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.

Author: ```suggestion
* Small molecules in RelativeHybridTopologyProtocol topologies (including the output PDB) are now named LIG (alchemical ligand) and COF (cofactors) instead of UNK. If a residue name was already assigned, the assigned one is kept.
```
